So we may know how to use SSH now.
But to truly understand a topic we must know how it works.
And in this video and the few others after this we're going to talk about the encryption techniques
used in SSH to see how we were able to do the things we do with SSH.
Now a bit of a warning here.
This topic can get pretty complex and you may have to revisit these videos later.
However stick with it.
And by the end of this section you'll feel comfortable with SSH and how it works and you'll never have
to worry about it again.
So hang in there.
Now there are three techniques used in SSH, first, symmetrical encryption second, asymmetrical encryption.
And then finally hashing, and although a little complex as I said before I am teaching this because these
come up whenever using HTTPS, if you're working with block chains and so many other parts of programming
and it's something that it's really good to know as you develop into your career.
So one by one, and the next sections we're going to go through them and I'm going to show you exactly
how they work.
And SSH I'll see in the next one. Buh-Bye.